Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture and this lecture.
We're going to continue solving the exercises for the searchings.
So the question that I have here is I wanted to expand on the previous code to print hello first name
and then last name.
So simply put just a quick refresher for you guys.
We have done here is that we ask the users to input e-mail.
We split the e-mail on the at sukarno April we were able to open the user name and then afterwards I
wanted to again kind of split it up in the first name and last name.
OK.
Assuming that the email has the first name or last thing and they're going to say okay print to the
user hello first name and then last name afterwards.
OK.
Actually going to be taking kind of you know like tons of the same code.
Pretty much what I do here.
So using an input and puts training.
I'm going to go and split it as we've done before we come up with alpert's String.
The question is let's take a look at the posting first and say okay that entering all acting as they've
paid much for their Ponette Steve you know I'm sorry Mitch.
Steve at g mail dot com for that then I'll come up with a pretty thing if I wanted to view it.
If I run it then it would come up with Mitch.
Steve and Jemmy.
I don't care about that story.
What we care about is they wanted to print first name and last thing.
So simply I need to take this right and actually kind of split it again in a way and wanted to split
it but not on the at this time it's actually on the dot this time how can we do that first.
How can we access the first element actually can access it using again out and Discordia thing.
Right.
If I had said zero and I run it that will just return the first element only.
Again this is a list and then wanted to access only the first element you're again using the index as
you know.
What if I wanted to apply a method on this.
Actually you can still do it.
You can apply the method directly.
Can say okay dot splits.
Right.
But you're going to be splitting on the dot because they wanted to actually split it here to come up
with a first name and last name separately.
And let's put that in a different stringless but it helped string and it's called a two for instance.
All right looks good to me.
Thrun it looks great.
Let's take a look at our pricing to on it you come up with Mitch and then Steve.
Perfect.
That's exactly what I was looking for.
What I wanted to do right now I wanted to print Hello.
And then right first name and then last name.
Let's do it and stick a print or in parentheses and let's say hello.
And I wanted to list the first name and then list the last any open queally brackets hello first name
and then get to space.
I'm going to say last thing.
And then I'm going to do with a format method called format.
And then you need to list the first name alasania how can we do that.
Again this is a list right.
So what we could do with it when axe's again the list using its index list of zero and list of one.
Let's do that.
So get out of this quarter string underscores to what we need of zero which gave me the first one comma.
I'm going to say key out underscore this string underscored two but then we're going to print one key
which is indicating Steve.
All right looks good to me.
Let's run it and that's it.
Hello.
Steve.
Perfect.
Now we actually have a functioning code that you could use for example let's say to go ahead and look
at employees for example and emails and extend their first name a lessening.
That's actually comes pretty handy.
We're going to make use of it more than 40 world.
And some of the practical exercises in the future.
All right.
Let's take a look at example 7.
So I want you to add a code request the first and last name and the age and then print hello first name
last name.
That's actually pretty straightforward listicle look.
So let's again define first.
For example I'm going to call it you know ongoing input user input and then I'm going to ask the user
to enter your first name.
That's easy and they can ask last minute input again and then ask the user to enter your last name right
and maybe add make it a little bit like you know what kind of readable or easy.
And then when I get to you've been asking for the age and again say input again I'm going to him okay
enter enters your age.
Looks great to me.
And then what I'm going to do you're going to say okay print.
All right.
It's pretty easy and say OK.
Hello.
All right.
And then curly brackets All right.
And then I'm going to say okay you are whatever it is all right.
We've done that before.
And then what I wanted to do here.
That's kind of the new thing.
Okay.
Why for example give him the kind of a note you know like motivation you know like age is just a number.
You are younger than ever.
OK.
It's something you know like like fun like that.
And then what you could do you're going to use for method method format and pass along them basically
in order first.
Sorry first.
And then last.
And then H.
All right.
Looks good to me.
Right.
And let's sit on it.
When we're done it two minutes okay.
THREE last name let's call for example Ryan let's call it whatever you know or like Steve and then into
it aid fiscal 23 and they say hello Ryan you are Steve years old.
OK.
Something is wrong here.
We have done something wrong here.
And then you know age is just the number actually if you go here.
You would say like you would find that you know like we didn't simply wanted to print first and last
name.
Well guess what.
Then he got that something wrong one or two.
We only have two brackets and he actually listed three rates.
Something is wrong so I could do.
I would need to see okay first and then let's add space in here.
Okay.
So I'm going to say okay F to like this.
All right.
And then we'll get into our our kind of artificial space.
So which means that first and then space.
And then last they'll get to be that first and last name and then get the list the age afterwards gillett's
about it again.
Are they going to say Okay Ryan Young in college Steve age is 23 and then I say Okay hello Ryan Steve
you are 23 years old age us to somebody who are younger than ever it looks great to me.
OK that's actually pretty simple pretty straightforward.
It's actually delete these cells D to delete.
Question number eight I'm asking you to repeat the previous exercise.
But print the name and age in a new line.
And that's actually very important.
Again I want to do you with the question was I didn't cover the backslash.
Okay which is kind of a very famous thing that we do in general programming in general.
If we wanted to print a new line it's actually a copy of executive stuff here.
Simply put what I'm asking you to do is they want it to print.
Why are you.
Age is just a number in a new line.
That's the important objective.
That's exactly what I wanted to do.
How can we do this.
Okay we can do this easily by inserting what we call a backslash n or a in the actual string which is
pretty.
Very interesting actually.
You can come here if you wanted to print let's say this in your line.
You can actually do it by coming here and inserting becs flesh just the backslash.
I'm sorry.
What you what you could do again you can come here.
You can consider backslash an hour and that's it.
That will simply create whatever comes after.
And we're going to be formatted or put in a new line.
That's it.
That's exactly what I wanted to do.
Let's run it again.
OK.
Ryan Steve 23 if you're on it you'll find that actually peering into Hello.
And Steve you're 23 years old and whatever came here is actually came in a new line you know instead
of.
He said that we have it it's actually the exact same line here you had inserted in in your life which
is perfect which is great what you could do as well.
You can add let's say you know each one separately could add you.
Hello.
Hi Steve.
Okay.
That's a ad here.
Backslash in and then which means whatever is going to come here in your line and then want to come
here any line to go.
So if you're again insecure Ryan Steve 23 think can come up with Laura and Steve and then you are 23
years old and then each one in a new line because you added separate backslash from like actually because
here you have kind of there's a space here.
If you actually move this space All right that looks good.
You can actually come you know move that space to go around it's secure.
Ryan Steve 23.
You've come up with actually more.
Hello.
And Steve you are 23 years old.
And then you know we are you age is younger than ever.
All right.
OK.
Perfect.
Let's take a look at the next example I wanted to try to call that because they use email and count
the number of users characters.
Like.
So I'm going to do here and say okay input underscored a string and then ask the user to input.
And I'm going to ask him to empty your email.
The email address.
So that will be the first one and I'm going to do here.
I'm going to.
I want to again wants the user input the e-mail to split it.
So can I say Okay out.
I'm just caught.
String equals two input underscored a string.
And then use a split method and they wanted to split on the act.
That will give me the split here.
Perfect.
So again if you as a member if you actually run that.
Now tell me okay let's see Orion got Steve G mail dot com where I've done that before and if I want
to create new cells if I wanted to view what what's happening in out drawing for an I'm that has come
up with Steve ajmer Look come on the net before I'm asking you to do that I wanted to simply count the
number of user characters just the user names year on and count them.
How can we do that.
An asher wanted to print them on a screen as well.
Let's do it in a circuit print.
Anyone to let's say say okay there are a number of elements that are to whatever elements characters
get in your youzhny.
And here I wanted to use the dot former dot format.
Oh my.
Whoops.
I see.
Dot formats and then create again.
Here is what I wanted to do.
They wanted to print out how many elements in there actually can add to print common elements we are
going to use the lenth mini function to do this instead it scanning the length.
OK and I would pass along here.
How many.
Basically the variable that it wanted to count one to Canada in pirate outsetting I just want to count
the first element within our list.
To do that I'm going to say okay out I'm just sitting I'm just going to access the first element of
zero which is simply this tournament.
So simply here again you're going to just three turn how many elements are varied within the string.
Okay so let's set that one good on it.
Look me OK.
Hello.
Actually there are 10 characters in use in it which is perfect.
Now I have you know Ryan has four names for characters.
This is the fifth one.
And then Steve has five.
That means 10 looks great.
What if I wanted to carry a g mail dot com which is supposedly like 1 2 3 4 5 right.
G.m. Right.
And then there's dot which is 6 and then 7 8 9.
So I've been there 9 9 in character so do I change this and make it one.
They.
Tony Well there are indicated in youzhny.
Looks great.
That's exactly what we expected.
Perfect.
The last example that we have.
They want you to local That expect the world hello from Hello world.
So if I give you my string.
OK.
And if I find my string to let's say hello world.
And I wanted to exact the word hello.
Using two different ways of two different picnic's.
Okay.
Let's take a look at the first one we actually cover the hundreds of times you get used the split method
to actually perform the vision.
Okay.
Out on the Discordia string I'm going to call it a K equal to my string K Dot splits.
Right.
And I want it to split.
Simply that sets a bit on the space right.
And they were just going Ed simply my outstanding.
And what I wanted to do there one was simply here print my out string as well.
But I want it to print simply the first element only.
Okay because I wanted to print only the words how long.
Right.
And that that would just turn and look perfect.
What about the other way.
How can I do with this.
Actually it's much simpler going to see a print.
Right.
And when I'm going to do I'm going to do what we call it slicing right which is again we're going to
cover it extensively when we go through a list in the future.
But what I could do.
They can actually go to my it's basically sitting here and kind of want slicing slice couple of characters.
Okay.
By using.
Okay which.
Where should they slice.
I need to specify two numbers.
The first number.
Okay.
With a beginning end the end.
Right.
That's what I wanted to specify.
So again what keep doing it and do again my Easting and you open square brackets and then I'm going
to specify what the first element to the first element has an index of zero and then in a to column
I am going to say okay I need now to write here.
This is my first element of com 0.
This is 1 which is e.
This is true.
This is 3.
This is four right.
So let's write for and see are we going to get here if I do this.
You would come up with help.
You know you basically you skip the O.
Which means that Python simply doesn't take the and the last element into account so which means that
it goes from 0 up to 4 and not including.
Okay this is a very important.
It's a little bit confusing but you will get used to it which means you just need to increase it by
a number from 0 to 5 which means any H 0 E which is 1 L..
Which is to the next.
L is 3 0 is 4 and fifth.
I don't need it.
I just got to 855 and here.
Spicing.
We're just going to go to the number 5 and excluding the number if not including so we're just going
to go from zero to 4.
There's the overall idea if you run it and come up with hello and that's pretty much what we are expecting.
Again if you go anywhere do some research on this string slicing you can go here to learn.
Learn a lot here and that's it.
That's pretty much all what I have for this section.
I hope you guys enjoy the seating section.
Now you know how things work.
Keep it up you guys are building up your knowledge you're doing great and we're going to keep going
into a new topic next lecture.
Hope you guys enjoyed it.
See you in the next.